## Raspberry Pi the Learning Machine

The Raspberry Pi reminds me of some of the 8bit computers I had so much fun with.  To name a few Commadore 128, Color Computer 3, and maybe not so much the TRS80 or BBC micro.  There really nothing alike other than there so much fun to play and learn things about computers. The Raspberry Pi does have so much more to offer. The Raspberry Pi are faster, have multiple OS. On those 8bit micros it was very hard to make your own extend circuits where you could do them in minutes on a Raspberry. What I am saying, it is more fun and easer to play and learn with a Raspberry Pi. Just like my Coco3 I went with three versions 1, 2, 3 for Color Computer and 2, 3, and 4 with the Raspberry Pi. I have completed way more projects with the Raspberry Pi than with the old 8bits that had. NAS, desktops, Development Apps with Python, C++, and other programming languages.

I am ready for Raspberry 5 and 500. I was thinking about getting raspberry pi 400 but decided to wait for the 500 to come out. So, I closed my eye and waited. It has been ordered.  I plan on using the 500 to replace some of the functions my main PC is doing, such as programming other microcontrollers. Also, FPGA synthesizing. Because it is replacing a PC, the extra speed won’t hurt. Some of the microcontrollers will be BBC micro: bit, ESP32, Raspberry Pi Pico. I will use Raspberry Pi 5 as a test machine. I will use my Raspberry Pi 4 as a NAS to backup projects running on Raspberry Pi 500 and  5.
